[Music]
hello
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain a romantic comedy about a
young girl from a wealthy family who
must find true
love to break a special curse which she
inherits from her family
will she be able to return as a normal
woman let's see the entire storyline of
penelope
penelope begins by showing a girl from
the wilhern family
the wilhern family is one of the
wealthiest noble families
since birth penelope has had an unusual
facial condition which is her face that
looks like a pig
it turns out that the origin of
penelope's pig face was obtained due to
a curse
the story is drawn on the life of the
first generation of wilhern family
at that time penelope's ancestors had
sexual relations with a lowly maid named
clara
as a result clara becomes pregnant and
she demands responsibility for being
married
penelope's great-grandfather asked for
his family's blessing
but he was immediately laughed at
because a noble could not possibly marry
a lowly servant
finally penelope's great-grandfather
married a noble girl who was equal to
him
hearing the news clara became very sad
and decided to commit suicide by jumping
off a cliff
clara's mother who is a witch doesn't
accept her daughter's death due to a
breakup
she then cast a curse on the wilhern
family the curse was that
if a daughter was born to the wilhern
family she would have a face like a pig
the curse will only happen once but the
willems were very lucky
because every child born in the next
five generations was a boy
even though there was actually a
daughter born to the wilhern family the
child turned out to be the result of an
illicit relationship
one day penelope was born jessica was
shocked and saddened to find
her daughter's face look like a pig
since then jessica has become very
overprotective of penelope
jessica consulted a doctor to change the
shape of penelope's face but the doctor
said that if her face was operated on
it was very likely that penelope would
die because penelope was a member of a
noble family her face became the talk of
the community
since her birth jessica and penelope's
father franklin
have not allowed journalists and the
outside public to see their daughter's
face
but one day a journalist named lemon
managed to break into the wilhern
family's house
and take a picture of penelope's face
jessica quickly beat the reporter until
he lost one eye
after that incident jessica deliberately
faked penelope's death so that her
daughter would not become a public
conversation
her parents immediately distanced
penelope from the outside world to
protect her
penelope is forced to always live at
home without ever knowing the outside
world
jessica then hires an assistant named
jake who is in charge of looking after
penelope
jessica is sure that the true love of a
nobleman will break the curse
so when penelope turned 18 years old
jessica hired a matchmaking agency among
the nobles named wanda
but for seven years the matchmaking did
not produce any results of all
all the men who saw penelope's face
immediately fled in fright
to prevent others from knowing about
penelope's face jake would rest amen
and threaten them not to tell anyone
else one day a man named edward managed
to escape from jake's clutches
he immediately went to the police
station and reported his findings
fortunately the cops didn't believe him
edward was even detained in a cell for
spreading false news
then edward teamed up with lemon a
journalist who had also seen penelope's
pig face
moreover it turns out that lemon has a
grudge against jessica who has damaged
one of his eyes
finally lemon asks edward to return to
penelope's house but edward refuses
lemon then looking for a man who wants
to come to penelope's matchmaking
after conducting an investigation they
found a man named maxwell who liked to
gamble
because he was offered quite a lot of
money maxwell finally agreed to come to
penelope's matchmaking event
maxwell also came to penelope's
matchmaking event wearing a suit with a
camera in it
the camera will automatically shoot when
max's arm is lifted
by then penelope was fed up with her
failure to matchmake so she decided to
show her true face in person to all men
seeing penelope's pig face all the men
immediately fled
but then max hid behind the sofa so he
didn't see penelope's pig face jessica
wanda and penelope were pleased when
they realized there was a man who didn't
run away when they saw penelope's face
penelope immediately chatted through the
two-way mirror with max
even though they didn't meet face to
face penelope felt a match when talking
with max
finally penelope asked max to play the
piano for her
having made a lot of mistakes penelope
came into the room and helped him play
the piano
it was then that mac saw penelope's face
for the first time
when he was about to touch penelope's
muzzle he accidentally raised his hand
and that's when the camera he was hiding
took a picture of penelope's face
penelope disappointed at being taken
advantage of leaves immediately
she was sure that max didn't really like
her max finally goes to lemon and says
that penelope isn't as bad as edward
said
max immediately destroyed the camera
that was in his suit unfortunately the
meeting was known by jessica and wanda
jessica finally tells penelope that max
is actually a spy
even though she knows max is a spy
penelope still asks him to marry her
because penelope has fallen in love with
max
but max says that he doesn't want to
marry penelope before he could explain
his reason
jessica and wanda immediately kicked him
out of the house penelope began to lose
enthusiasm with her matchmaking which
always failed until finally she decided
to run away from home and see the
outside world
and for the first time penelope finally
stepped out of her mansion
in order not to be seen by others
penelope covered her face with a scarf
her parents were worried but penelope
called and said she was okay
penelope really enjoyed her freedom on
the other hand edward asked a painter to
paint a picture of penelope's face
the sketch of penelope's face was then
printed in newspapers and distributed
edward announces that he will reward
anyone who finds penelope jessica saw
the sketch of penelope's face in the
paper and her worries grew
jessica and franklin decided to find
penelope with the help of the police
they arrived at the hotel where penelope
was staying when she saw her parents
penelope immediately ran away from the
hotel penelope who saw the sketch of her
face in the newspaper was tempted by the
reward
especially since she was running out of
money so penelope decided to give her
photo to lemon
seeing her not scary face made lemon
feel guilty for disturbing penelope's
life all this time
but edward is sure that penelope is a
monster so he immediately took a photo
of penelope from lemon and spread it
around
the news of a pig-faced girl immediately
shocked everyone
then max went to lemon and returned the
money he had received
max realizing that penelope has found
her freedom decides to stop gambling and
start playing the piano again
when penelope visits a bar she meets a
woman named annie
penelope and danny later became good
friends annie takes penelope around town
to get to know the outside world better
meanwhile penelope's parents try to find
her daughter's whereabouts
until they accidentally meet penelope
penelope immediately rushed to a bar
however due to exhaustion she fainted
well
that's when everyone finally saw the
real face behind a shawl covering her
face but instead of being afraid the
people at the bar like penelope's face
unexpectedly penelope became so famous
edward's father realizing this
forces his son to marry penelope so that
their family is also famous
jessica was so happy when she accepted
edward's proposal especially when she
hoped that penelope's curse would
disappear as she married
in fact penelope didn't want to marry
edward because she didn't love him
but her mother continued to force
penelope until she finally agreed to
marry edward
meanwhile lemon discovers the surprising
fact that maxwell's real name is johnny
johnny deliberately disguised himself as
maxwell because he was tempted by the
nominal prize offered by edward
after johnny finds out that penelope and
edward are getting married
johnny tries to tell penelope about
edward's cunning on penelope and
edward's wedding day
lemon comes to pass information about
johnny to jessica
lemon also spoke of edward's trick but
jessica did not want to cancel the
marriage
because she wanted to break the curse
through marriage between nobles
the wedding ceremony took place but
penelope realizes that her goal is to
get married because she only wants to
break the curse
and not because of love so in the middle
of the wedding she decided to run away
and rant of her room her mother
immediately asked penelope to marry
edward
so that the curse would disappear but
penelope became annoyed that her mother
kept forcing her to marry not out of
love
finally penelope says that she likes
herself and doesn't want to have a new
life
suddenly a miracle happened penelope's
pig nose disappeared in an instant
it turns out that the thing that can
break the curse is when penelope can
love herself as she is
jessica then apologized to penelope for
being too overprotective all this time
jack finally chose to resign as a
servant in the house but jessica did not
accept jack's departure and continued to
nag
until finally jack cursed jessica to be
mute it turns out that jake is a witch
who has been casting a curse on the
wilhern family all along
when penelope's face returned to normal
she decided to leave
now she works as a teacher one day
penelope
and annie came to a halloween party
there penelope reunites with johnny
the two of them shared their love for
each other in the end the two decided to
live together
the story ends with happily ever after
you